c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.Form1.resources
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\bin\Debug\Translate.exe
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\bin\Debug\Translate.pdb
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.exe
c:\users\mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.pdb
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Mert\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\bin\Debug\Translate.exe.config
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\bin\Debug\Translate.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\bin\Debug\Translate.application
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.application
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Mert\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Translate\Translate\obj\x86\Debug\Translate.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
